From Hollywood, California, the nexus of entertainment and sexiness, to the Meltdown Theater and Meltdown
comics and NerdMelt and MeltyMelt's Harmontown is now in session.
Wow! Tonight's attendance, 72,000 people. Let's bring out the Game Master, Spencer Fritton!
And just for old time's sake, let's bring out the Mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
There is a, it's a bigger, it's a bigger crowd. We're always sold out but it's a...
Is it big? It sounds big. We're always sold out. But this is extra sold out.
I don't think we're more sold out. I think these people are just more vigorous, more exciting.
Let's not kid ourselves, Jeff. The reason they're packed to the rafters tonight is not because of you or me or Spencer.
It's because last week, we pointed out there was no ice scooper. Oh, shit! And they wanted to be here for the big unveiling.
Dan, kick it off and scoop me some motherfucking ice out of that thing.
Spencer, talk to Jeff while I make Jeff a drink.
Great. Hey, how's it been going, Jeff? It's pretty good. I've been traveling. I'm a little travel weary, but I'm very good.
When'd you get back in, Jeff? I just got back in a couple days ago, but it was...
They love a couple days. That was a parody of when they do that, right?
It's like the movie Cocktail. You're time cruising here right now.
It was a parody. Thank you, Mr. Hyman.
Okay, so Spencer... Yeah, man.
What did you think about... Okay, so I have to get a car, right? Spencer's been driving me around. I love it. You love it, kind of.
I love it. No, I love it.
Did you register the anxiety level at UTA when we went there last week?
Spencer and I walk into a place together because he drives me and then I go and then I'll have a meeting.
It's not a natural thing to have a chauffeur.
No, I think it's the way of the land. It's not, though. It's not the way of the waiting rooms where we go into.
So the person at the desk is always like, hello.
And then Spencer, because he's like a squire, he's like an erstwhile squire.
He drove me. He opened the doors. He knew exactly where to go.
I was just babbling about not wanting to tie my shoes the whole time.
And then Spencer gets to the desk and then the person goes, can I help you?
And Spencer goes, Dan Harmon, to see whoever...
Like, he announces me, which is amazing.
Well, I do that anywhere we go, though.
But then the receptionist goes, you're Dan, and who's he?
And he goes, no, this is Dan Harmon. And then she goes, well, who are you?
And he goes, I'm Spencer. And she's like, okay, do you guys want to go to water or Diet Coke or anything?
Well, we'll take waters. And we go sit down. And then she's like, Dan and Spencer are here for the three o'clock meeting.
And then you just have to let it... You're like, it would be weird at any point to stop the momentum and go like,
let me explain something here. That's weird and takes really long to explain.
Well, I think that I generally try to say, oh, don't worry about me when they ask what my deal is.
Well, that's...
Don't you worry. I'll just be over here six feet tall with a two foot long beard.
I'll just be hiding over here the most interesting looking guy in the universe.
Yeah. Don't worry about me, like, needs more context than that thing.
It shouldn't. I mean, those people, they're all about hospitality.
So they just want to make sure we're adequately respected, which is, you know,
it comes to odds because I don't need that in those situations.
That's the last thing I need is validation from, you know, secretarial staff.
Is there a validation Spencer that you do like want or crave?
Is there something you would like to hear from staff or anything?
From staff?
I mean, like from strangers.
Well, I just want to just don't walk slowly, I think.
That'd be good enough.
What do you like to hear from people secretly, even if it's a little selfish and juvenile and not mentally healthy to want it?
Like, what's something that really puts a wind in yourself?
Like a secret thing you wish strangers said or thought about you as you walked into a building?
I like things that are useful or being useful to people.
So that my manifesto is I'll be all like, hey, man, did you know if you're gagging,
you can put your thumb through your hand like that BuzzFeed article said, not gag.
And then people will be like, that helps me.
And then I'll be like, that's good.
But yeah, I want to, yeah, I want to.
You want to be useful?
I want to increase the satisfaction of people's lives.
Wait, oh, I'm sorry.
You wish people would say, give you life-saving tips or you wish?
No.
You wish people would say, oh, I wish they'd appreciate, yeah, the utility that I offer.
Oh, that's good.
Well, you're in a good position because you have a lot of utility.
Thank you.
You're a healthy example of somebody who knows what they, knows their needs and gets their needs met.
That's what my therapist would say.
Dan, if you walked into an office building and like in a busy office corporate setting,
what would you wish, like the gatekeepers, like the security person,
like the people that you have to walk past, what do you wish they thought about you on site?
Oh.
It is he.
The chosen one.
We better get our shit together.
Like, I mean,
For real.
No, I am being for real.
I mean, we're living in a fantasy world.
Let's make a fantasy.
You go into a corporate building like Century City Plaza,
like a business meeting, you get into an elevator.
Everybody in the elevator, there's men, there's women, they're well-dressed.
You don't know what they do for a living.
They could be high, low status comparatively.
What do you wish in your fantasy selfish egotistical brain?
What do you wish everybody in that elevator was thinking?
Well, I had something teed up, but then you asked the wrong question.
Because my fantasy was that one of the people in the whole elevator would go,
Oh, Mr. Harmon, no, I'm sorry.
And then press a secret button on the elevator.
And then the side of the elevator would open.
And it would be like, there would be like fog and lights.
And I would just be like in my hoodie, like Mark Zuckerberg and I'd go to the other people.
I'd be like, I don't know.
I just go through it.
So I guess the answer to your question is I wish everyone in the elevator had thought.
What is he doing on this elevator?
Now pick the person on the elevator that you hate the most.
What do you wish that person was thinking when that happened, when you went out the side door?
Wait, sorry, I didn't miss the top of that.
So you get secret side elevator door status and you have your Zuckerberg hoodie on.
And you leave and you're like, sorry.
The person that you hated the most on site when you went in the elevator,
what do you wish he or she were thinking as that happened, like to make you the most happy?
I was wrong about football.
Or all the crunches in the world couldn't lift my spirit right now.
Alright, you go into the thing.
That guy had pizza for breakfast.
I've eaten nothing but almonds for six weeks.
And he gets to go through the side of an elevator.
What happens, I mean, let's fantasize, what happens at the side of the elevator?
Does it get you to the floor that you're going to faster?
Or does it take you to another realm?
Well, I mean, people go into a building and they go up and down.
That's like people's shit.
And you'll be in a world of pure imagination.
The truth is that way.
This is a fucking lie. This is a rat race.
Oh, I hope I get to the 35th floor.
Psych, the real people go this way.
Me and D.L. Hugley.
Alright, so isn't he the one with the special purple door at the airport?
Harmontown deep cut.
Well, I think that's, I mean, we have special friends here tonight.
That's probably why it's really packed.
I just wanted to tell you guys that I have a lot of paralysis when I talk to people in person.
But I could get into that later.
Like, I don't really know how to talk to people.
But I think in the last few shows, you've gone through leaps and bounds where you have done very good interviews.
No, but you're talking about, this is a lie up here.
I'm talking about like actual, like writing in the Uber when the Uber driver goes,
uh, let me go up to Fountain.
He's shorter, he's shorter.
You could go down Holly. We could keep going down Holly.
No, no, no, Fountain. Fountain!
And then I just go, uh...
Alright.
Because I don't want to talk to you. And it's not even about the conflict.
It hurts to talk to people. It makes, it's like showering. It hurts my skin.
And like, when we were in New York, and I, like, when I was walking outside that restaurant,
and the waitress, because it was Dino's favorite restaurant, everyone knows Dino's, everyone knows us.
And the waitress runs into me afterwards and she goes,
hey, how are you? Hey, have you met Wes Anderson and Spike Jones?
And I'm like, and she points through the window of the restaurant and there they are.
And I'm like, no, she's like, you should meet him.
And I'm like, no, I shouldn't.
That's like royalty, first of all.
And she's like, you're royalty.
And I'm like, that's the problem right there is that you saying that and that whole thing being there.
Like, there's tears and I know what nothing to do with this.
And then she dragged me in and she said, Wes, Spike, do you know Dan Harmon?
Okay, that's a nightmare.
And they're like, no. And I'm like, hi. Nice to meet you.
Also, I'm going to go in the back. And I could have done that anyway.
I don't think I would know if I sat down next to them which one was which.
I didn't know which one was which either.
And I'm happy about this. We wickipedia it later and my guests would have been wrong.
Because they look very different.
But I thought, I thought, you know what, these guys are masters of the lateral.
I bet the guy you think is Spike Jones looks like Wes Anderson.
And I was right, except I was wrong.
So I would have made an ass of myself.
So how did that come? Did you sit with them or just walk by like meeting the queen?
I'm 42, so I wasn't like, I didn't like, my whole goal was just leave only footprints.
I just said, hello, nice to meet you. I made eye contact.
I breathed regularly and I just shook their hands and I made eye contact.
I didn't go in for the double cup weird like sexy handshake.
I just shook their hands. I said, hi, nice to meet you.
It's very, very, very exciting and weird to meet you guys.
And I walked away and I feel like I won by doing that.
Do you think that they knew who you were?
No, no, I hate the question.
I mean, I wonder if you're not a celebrity, but I wonder if you are on their radar or not.
But I could have like through work, you know, having a studio and stuff.
Like there was, if I had known which one was Spike for sure by looking at him,
I could have, there was like an in-road there.
I could have said, oh, we have mutual friends.
But I just boned out and I think I'm a better person for it.
But it wasn't about politics.
It wasn't about star fucking versus like nervousness or anything like that.
I'm talking about like that could happen with anybody.
I don't like talking to anybody.
Like I like, I've just gotten able to like do the thing like, you know,
when people, if somebody says like, like, it's like, I forged this world.
Like I'm like Sauron.
Like I created this dumb, like weird world for myself where I could be comfortable.
It's like every little, every little aspect of it is engineered,
including the fact that like the only physical social interactions that I can handle
are people like, like on a sidewalk going like,
getting excited when they see me and pointing at me so that I know like it's done,
where there is no, we don't have to worry about anything.
But if you meet somebody like at a restaurant or anywhere,
Uber driver that doesn't know who you are, that's never fun for you.
No, God, no, no.
It's pain, it's physical pain.
But I've been around you when I've like,
when you stumble onto common ground with a stranger and you can go,
oh, you get really excited about that.
But that's always when I'm being introduced to them through a friend
or something like that, like when you're hanging out,
you know, having drinks and some of those, oh, this is Molly
and she's a friend of someone's.
I was like, oh, what do you do?
Oh, I'm an astronaut.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I have like 90 astronaut questions.
And then, yeah, it's, I mean, those, yeah, that's good.
That's fine.
So that's not 90% of like how you have to talk to people.
Like you have to talk to people who are scooping ice cream.
If you like ice cream, you have to talk to the ice cream person.
They're like, well, how many scoops do you want?
And you're just like, I'm just like, two, two, two.
Like I just fucking like my brain just explodes.
I can't.
That's so funny because like, that's my favorite thing is, what are you doing?
Is that your phone?
Oh, it's back here.
Sorry.
Like, I'm like infatuated with strangers like,
and the person sitting next to you is the most interesting thing in the world to me.
Because of the free fall, the chaos of that moment, when you're talking to somebody and
you go, I don't know if we have anything in common at all.
Sometimes you find out, okay, this person is kind of a bummer.
Or you go, oh, this person worked on the fucking Saturn 5 rocket.
Like that's fucking amazing.
But that moment for you is more torture for.
Yeah, I think we both agree that it's like falling off something.
And you're just like, I love that.
I too is my favorite.
And I'm like, I hate that.
But I feel like I'm honest.
And you're like a Patrick Swayze thrill seeker or something.
I mean, I like it because you can find out.
I can be very misanthropic and very philanthropic from moment to moment,
depending on the quality of the person sitting next to you.
But it's times when, like I get really endlessly fascinated by a stranger.
And you do too, but you're, you come at it from a very like.
Holy shit.
I just got Phil anthropic versus misanthropic.
Phil as like file, like pedophile, like children.
Yeah.
Like, like, like, I love it.
Like that's not the file word that you like are the most familiar with.
God damn it.
How about?
Guys are always catching me.
You could have started Philadelphia.
Well, I know, well, yeah, Philadelphia.
I'm just getting that now, though.
That's what I'm saying.
Like miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss,
Miss Anthropy versus Phil Anthropy.
I didn't get the Phil.
Misogyny.
Well, Philogyny.
Phil.
I love Chinese.
I love those Chinese up and down Fifth Street and Fourth Avenue.
How do you do, young ladies? She got a hole where your wiener should be.
Got a Chinese.
I love your Chinese.
Cause I'm a feminist and I'm a town bambam.
All right.
Thanks, thanks, kids.
Our next guest is no stranger to Chinese.
Andrew Ludweber.
I do want to bring him out because it's hot up here.
And I want you to see that I'm not the only one that sweats this much.
And I always, I feel like it's, I think you guys know it's hot in this room,
but it's six degrees cooler where you're sitting.
I'm telling you.
And then you look at me and you go, he's so disgusting.
I'm hotter than you.
Just a little hotter.
There's people sitting out there fanning themselves right now.
It's like the, like to kill a mockingbird.
I just come to bust up a shipper robe.
It's so hot in here that civil rights are being, like, are back on the table.
It automatically, when it gets hot enough, every room becomes a Southern courtroom.
Tech textbooks may not be allowed in science class tomorrow, depending on what happens tonight,
because it's so hot.
Our next guest is a Gregory Peck, everybody.
Old friend of the show.
We miss him very much, but we're so glad he spent some time away because he's been busy
and has done something really incredible.
Not that he had not done all kinds of incredible things.
We were happy with him quite the way he was.
But he kind of, if you're talking about the person I think you're talking about,
he just deals in incredible humanity all the time.
That's what he fucking does.
And he does it for no reason.
He does it because it's what he does.
He's a magical, like, magic person.
He's a magical, magic person.
He's our friend, and let's talk about his new project,
which everybody is going to be really excited to see.
Please welcome back Bobcat Goldthwaite.
Thank you.
Nice. That's really nice.
The idea that people would be excited and happy to see you,
that's the worst thing that could happen to me.
When people go, oh, when people are happy and excited to see me,
I just don't want them to be normal.
You're an actor, turned director, probably for the same reason,
and your circumstances are so different.
The idea that anybody would ever see me and point is,
kind of, for me, that's the same as saying you should be prom king,
but for what you're probably perceiving that moment,
is like, oh, that's the guy from Police Academy, and this guy's gonna...
Yeah, and here he comes.
I was in Detroit at a film festival, and this guy's like,
I'm your biggest fan, and I took a picture with him,
and he's like, what do you do now?
My biggest fan does not have access to IMDb.
That's what I learned there.
But it was a good question.
What would you want people to say, though,
because they still have a big ego?
If they had, I want them, after I left,
that was him, I blew it, fuck!
So I do have a big ego.
It's kind of sad, but one of the things that's amazing about you now
is that you accomplish things psychologically
that other people think are just kind of theories from therapy and stuff.
Fuck you, Harmon, just talk.
You've had kind of a breech-birth career-wise,
in terms of like, because your feet came out first.
Yeah, I had the career most people had at the beginning, at the end.
Like, I sold out at the beginning.
Well, maybe, I mean, it's just like you can use those words,
but it's just more to the objective point.
Like, you were first famous for your hair and your voice.
And screenings.
And your face.
And I mean, that does not to say that your stand-up wasn't awesome,
but people were like, my mom was like,
that's the guy, that's the screechy guy with the hair.
And then you, yeah, and then you, but now...
Now I'm the mumbling bald guy.
Who's making these amazing things.
Imagine that, yeah, you're in disguise when you're at the mall.
You're like, god damn it, nobody...
I got hit by TMZ, which I was shocked.
It was in New York, because in LA, no one cares.
And they were trying to agitate me, and the guy goes,
they're making another police academy to rebooting it.
Don't you think they should use the original cast?
And I was like, no.
And they go, why not?
Because a lot of us are dead.
And then I said, if they're going to reboot it,
they should do it.
They did the 21 Jones Street.
They should make it a comedy this time.
And that made the broadcast.
But then I said, this is what didn't make the broadcast.
I said, it's not really the right time to be doing wacky police comedies, you know.
The police are killing civilians, you know that.
Police Academy 5, Ferguson.
Oh, Mahoney.
That first movie in the 80s, it was at the central point of the irony
that Krall in the beginning was like, oh, this crazy government,
now they're going to let just anybody be a police.
And then it happened.
Yeah, the covers, it's like, I'm scratching my head with my gun,
and I don't know what to do with my gun, bang, bang, bang, bang.
And it was like a joke then, and now it's like a horrible reality.
I get, sometimes I'll be doing shows and someone will give me the Police Academy DVD,
the first one, and I wasn't in that.
And I just, I'm not in this movie.
You're not in the first one, you're in the second one.
No, I didn't think the quality of the script was there yet.
You were holding out for more of a story structure.
Yeah, I said, this is shit.
Come back to me when there's...
Come back to me when Winslow has more of an arc.
When his Atari squiggle doesn't sound exactly like his Nintendo squiggle.
Well, you know, he, he, he's, he's, that is a talent.
I'm not going to just diminish what he does, but, you know, he does that all day long.
Those noises, like, he really does.
Like if we were talking, that's his, you know,
you know, and one day it was really cold and miserable and reshooting a scene for the third time
and we're in the basement of this building avoiding the weather.
And he found the, you know, the dowel, the inside of a paper towel, the tube.
And so that was, you know, he, it was like backlit when he found it, because he could just, you know...
It sucked Perlman with a fucking shot of that.
Yeah, it was like a vintage Strativarius.
So he, you know, he's making his helicopter farts and just...
Helicopter?
And we're all trying to eat, and I find, and I really feel bad.
So this is a public apology to him.
And I just finally go, Michael, no.
No.
Swear to God.
Slow clap in the cafeteria.
No.
Slow clap.
I feel really bad.
In my mind when I think of that story, and then a marching band came out.
Da-da-da-da-da-da.
Rip-tally thrown confetti around.
But they're all playing toilet paper tubes.
All right, so, since the last time we saw you,
I think you were talking about this early on.
You were shooting footage back when we first made Friends, I even think.
You've been working on this for a little while, calling it together.
You have this, should we call him a mentor?
Yeah, Barry's definitely a mentor.
The movie is a documentary I made, and it's out now.
It's called Call Me Lucky.
And I started doing comedy when I was 16.
Tom Kenny was 15 in Syracuse in this town next door.
There is an ad that said they were looking for comedians.
Because Tommy's always been amazing with voices.
He called up as a dude.
He was an adult, not a teenager.
He's like, yeah, we're a couple comedians.
We want to come by.
He's a swear to God.
I think Wilfred Brimley's coming in to do a set tonight.
And we showed up, and there's Barry.
He's just such a character even back then.
He just looked up, and he said,
Is your parents driving you?
So, you know, folks aren't aware of him.
He's a political sadist still.
And my favorite Barry Crimmins joke is people say,
If you don't love this country, why don't you leave it?
He says, because I don't want to be victimized by its foreign policies.
So a real sharp guy.
And he started a club in Boston that a lot of folks like Stephen Wright
and Paula Poundstone, myself, a lot of people got their start in this room.
And he was definitely a mentor and the gatekeeper.
Like, if he thought you were derivative of anyone else,
you didn't get on stage.
And so was Kevin Meany and Steve Sweeney and Lenny Clark.
All these comics came out of that scene, and he drove it.
I don't feel like, the movie isn't, it's about him.
I think it's important people meet him and stuff.
But what it's really about is he, during a performance,
disclosed on stage about his rapes when he was four.
And then he tried to process this.
So in the course of him processing it, he went online.
This is in the early 90s, mid 90s, and AOL just started.
So there was people exchanging child pornography in chat rooms.
And he complained to AOL and they didn't do anything.
And then he went to the cops, and the cops in the movie say,
We didn't even have computers then.
So he posed as kids, got all this evidence against AOL,
and then took AOL to the floor of the Senate during a judiciary hearing.
And it was like a Capra story, this nightclub comedian
embarrassing this giant corporation.
And then afterwards there was a shift in him.
What was the process for him, like, how did he go?
By the way, the movie's funny. I know it sounds...
The movie's amazing.
I mean, which is a story in and of itself,
is the fact that you've made these movies that people adore
because they're so punk rock, they're so you,
and they're so sort of just...
If they're nothing else, they are you just trying to steer off
of any conceivable road in front of you, shakes the clown.
There's people who...
And there's an anger to that stuff too.
I don't see it, but yeah.
I mean, you're laughing the whole time, but you're humorous.
Kind of like God bless America when we shot a baby.
I really thought... I really... It was like I wrote it.
She goes, don't you have a baby?
And he pumps a shotgun, she throws it near and we shoot the baby.
That was the only thing I've ever written
that I thought at some point someone was going to say,
hey man, you can't do this, but it never happened.
I was like, I guess we're shooting a baby today.
And I said, give me a baby that looks really ugly.
Like, I wanted it to look like someone shaved a pug, you know?
And the baby came and it was really cute and it didn't cry
and it would just sit there like, you know.
And I feel bad about this too.
This is my immense story.
This is a good place to do it.
The audience is 25 years old.
They love apologies and punishment.
So the baby didn't cry.
The parents come in and they go, what are we shooting today?
I'm like, you're a baby.
And then I realized nobody told him what this thing was about.
So we gave him some more money and then that's true.
It was a stunt bump, I guess.
Stunt bump?
The baby just sat there just like this.
So I would have the parents the day out.
I'd have them walk off the set and the kid didn't give a shit.
And then nothing.
It took its biscuit out of its mouth.
Nothing, just sat there.
So then I'd love to tell you I'm a better man than this,
but I got down on all fours and I put keys over the lens
so it would be looking in the right direction
and then I got right in the baby space and I was like...
And the baby would go...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
And whenever I would duck out of the way,
the baby would shut up immediately.
So the keys were to get the attention
and then you were there to horrify the baby.
Correct.
And as soon as my face wasn't there,
it would just shut down.
It was like that Michigan J. Frog, you know,
like, hello my baby, hello my ragtime dog.
You're running and getting the DP.
You're like, I swear to God, the big...
He was crying.
Sure he was, Bobcat.
Free beer.
So I imagine some day that kid would be 10
and a police academy would come on and be like...
And just...
And then you'll have your shot.
I got it.
But anyways, to whack Schmaltzy about it
or just at least kind of mythical,
I mean, all of that awesome punk rock,
anger, energy, whatever you call it,
you don't call it anger, but like...
No, I guess it is.
...cynical, whatever, like non-establishment.
And you had this father figure early on
in your comedy career who had this scar in his life
and then one of your...
There's all these different kinds of movies.
The most recent one before that is this...
You know, there's another weird turn for you
that found footage like a Bigfoot movie.
It's like that does not resemble Shakespeare's clown that much.
It's not like you're a Rob Zombie trying to...
Like, you're like, no, you don't get it yet.
No, I just like Bigfoot.
The cheerleaders are dumb and they should be tortured.
One more movie and I swear you're going to get it.
No, I just wanted to make a Bigfoot movie
because I like Bigfoot.
And...
You killed this guy with your first documentary.
So, Barry, it's what you say, anti-establishment
because I met him as a teenager
and here's this guy who was totally anti-establishment
and he wasn't condescending to us.
He actually encouraged it.
So, you know, that was...
That really...
How did he come out of it?
Like, is he happy with what happened?
Is that satisfying for him?
I don't think he is happy.
No, he's the first one to make those jokes.
There's a scene in the movie where
he actually goes into the basement that this happened in
and I was just filming the basement
because I thought that was way more powerful
just to show these spaces,
but I did not want him to go in there
and he goes, you go through a problem, you know,
you don't go around it.
There's no demons. I'm demystifying the space.
I'm going down there. You can film it or not.
Had he been back there since?
No, no, he says it's not a place I like to...
This is the first time when you've been...
Yeah, so he was like...
So, we had a huge argument
and I said,
well, just give me five minutes so I can roll.
And it's in the movie and it's very powerful
and there was a reason I was trying to remember,
but one of the things happened is
he's very eloquent in the basement
and then afterwards, because I knew it would happen,
he went in a shock, you know,
he does this weird thing when he's going in a shock
and he goes, I can't remember what I said.
Is any of it usable?
And I said, oh, it doesn't matter.
I'm going to play Yackety Sacks.
So, oh, that's what I was going to say.
Just what you were saying, he said,
we were doing a Q&A and I said, you know,
and I wanted to film the spaces
and I didn't want to do reenactments
and he goes, you didn't want to do reenactments.
It works every time.
But Bob, Bob,
there's a...
Does Barry emerge from this, like,
is that more healing for him?
Yeah, yeah, and the point of the movie
for me was to show
he comes out through the other side
and not only...
he's not a person, a victim of this.
As he says, I'm not a victim anymore.
It is about coming all the way through the other side
and, you know, he starts off the movie,
he's just full of rage and he's still angry,
but, you know, his targets are now, you know,
more directed at people and things.
That's the thing that I want people listening to this
as far as plugging the movie is concerned,
because the tough thing about good movies,
especially ones that are profound,
that have to do with insights into human darkness,
they're not always at the top of your list,
no matter how good you know they'll be.
Like, I still haven't seen the act of killing
and everyone says it's a great movie.
I mean, it's the most important movie you'll ever see.
And that's what...
But the thing about that is that I keep saying to people,
like, yeah, but don't worry about it.
It will not challenge you that way.
It's colorful and whimsical and ironic.
It's...
That's...
And your movie is similar in that sense.
It's why I texted you halfway through it
and was like, this is really genius,
because there...
And it's something about Barry, too.
I don't think I have the IQ or the vocabulary
in what the real important thing
about what's on the microscope slide there.
It has something to do with the fact
that he's really smart and really funny
and really autonomous and really unafraid
of the entire United States government
and all of mainstream society
and anyone that could ever tell him
that he's gross or fat or dirty or stupid.
He's...
And that he doesn't cut the silhouette,
therefore, of somebody who is capable
of having something so...
Just...
Just so...
This is where my vocabulary breaks down.
The dichotomy is very interesting to me,
because he's not...
It's like we're used to breaking up the world
into guys like that that are like...
He didn't...
He didn't say, oh, my God, I was molested on stage
and then curl up in a ball and start sucking his thumb
and then become really unfunny.
He became even funnier and even smarter
and even stronger, but in a process
that he had to ask himself questions about,
like everything that he had ever thought or done
and every formation of all.
And how do you know, even those of us
who can't point to a big red trauma on a map,
we have to go to therapy and wonder
how much of what makes people chuckle
when I talk is unhealthy and how much of it is like.
I don't know, it's a really...
It's an important movie for that reason.
It's just a...
Here, put this on the poster.
I'm going to give you a great quote.
Even if he hadn't been molested,
this would be a great documentary.
Um...
Well, because he's a really, really incredible...
Well, I think people would go,
well, you know, did you pitch this movie?
It's like, where?
Here you go.
Hey, here's a comedian that you're not familiar with.
No way, he gets raped as a kid.
Hear me out.
It's $10 million, Mr. Goldbach.
What was it like...
Like, did you get...
What was it like, the journey for you in that movie?
Like, did you think that you were going to get through that
without it being hard?
Did you know how hard it would be for you?
Like, what was your journey through all that darkness
and all that sadness?
Yeah, it was...
You know, I was very concerned for my friend,
and Barry says that whenever the movie would have come first,
his well-being was always more important than making a movie,
even if it was a movie about...
But it was...
It's been very hard, you know?
What did you go through?
Like, what was your journey on that?
Well, it's now, you know?
We've had a lot of success with the movie
and we show screenings,
and people, you know, really like it,
so I have to deal with that.
I don't like success, and then there's...
No, okay, but there's often, after the movie,
you know, adult survivors come out when they disclose,
and often they're telling me this is the first time
they ever did this.
So you get a full portion of that every time you show the movie?
Yeah, yeah.
It's been...
I'm glad the movie's helping people.
I'm glad it's been doing so well and people are receiving it,
but, you know, it's...
You know, the birth of the movie,
and I'll talk about it here,
because the last time we worked together was here.
You know, Robin Williams is my best friend,
and he knew...
I wanted to do Barry's Story all the way in the mid-90s.
I thought, you know, we took a swipe at Scripps and everything,
because I thought I'd want to have someone play him.
And it was Robin that kind of suggested that I jettisoned that idea.
I'm smiling, because he's like,
he's like, I'm too old to play that role.
He's like, he's like, why don't you do it as a documentary?
So...
The last time we talked about this was Tasha's, your daughter's birthday.
Yeah.
You sat down and said, how are you doing?
He said, well, I had a breakup.
My best friend died, and I'm making a movie about...
Child rape, yeah.
It was even better than that.
It was divorce, broke up, decorating the Christmas tree with another woman.
My best friend passed away, and then, yeah,
for about eight to 12 hours a day, I would edit a...
You're dealing with this shit.
Child rape documentary.
So, it was...
I'm really ready to do, like, a talking duck movie.
It's just something really acid.
Well, that's...
I mean, here comes Quackers.
They were letting you shoot babies before, but now you've like...
Do you feel like there's like...
You get the karma holsters off the, like, full,
and you can shoot 11 babies in the next movie?
Yeah, at least it wasn't like that duck.
But Barry wants to do a sequel.
He called me greedy.
So, Robin was the one.
He said, you know, shoot us a duck.
And he said, I don't have any money.
And he actually gave me some money to start filming.
And that's how the whole movie got made, was that.
You wanted him to do a live-action version of him as Barry?
Yeah, that was really what I was thinking.
And then we still were thinking about making it with someone else playing him.
And Barry wrote a script that was about 350 pages long.
And then I took a stab at a script, which actually helped the duck,
because I kind of had the structure in my head.
And I didn't do that as a bait and switch how his disclosures reveal.
I just wanted the audience to feel exactly how I felt knowing this guy,
knowing this guy really well, and then learning,
oh, now it makes sense.
I think the 48 hours version would have been raped at four,
comedian, and then nothing would have been funny for 45 minutes.
Well, it's also like, I want to bring our other friend up,
but the other powerful thing about it,
maybe this is what I was trying to articulate,
is the fact that you do it that way.
Because I feel like sickness, abuse, death,
the things that we fear, the things that we know that are the worst things that can happen to us,
we tend to relate to them emotionally as diseases.
And when our friends are afflicted with them,
we have this temptation to...
It's this terrible syndrome of shame and guilt and stuff that we go like,
oh, God, well, this person, if this terrible thing happened to them, then that makes them a different kind of action figure.
They need special tools and backpacks and things,
but nobody is more human and more dimensionalized than Barry Crimmins.
Nobody has more tools to deal with any Manticore that would cross his path.
And then this thing is placed in his path,
and we watch him eat it, and we watch him digest it, and we do it with him,
and it humanizes it, and it makes it a real thing, which is really...
I often wonder if Barry...
Because he almost, in my mind, may have been that kid at four,
because his friends were talking about some preschool revolt that he led.
They handed out books, and then he threw them out the window.
They were like, we're not going to need books.
He said that when he disclosed to me that my reaction wasn't...
Someone says this to you, now it's on your lap.
You're re-seeing this person.
And when he told me, he said that it was almost...
He talks very affectionately about how I reacted.
I was just like, oh, I was kind of...
Not happy, but I was just like, oh, well, that makes sense.
Where did you first see him or hear him?
Do you have any favorite jokes, the first jokes that you remember
when you first thought he was funny?
Oh, yeah, the first time I saw him.
The first thing I remember was the first time I saw him walking on stage.
He's swilling a beer that he pulled out of his jacket,
and he's smoking, and he's like, ah, I'm on a health kick lately.
We've kept one of our other dear friends up in there.
Like you has been out in the world, and we want to hear what he's been up to.
Let's bring Curtis Armstrong out.
What a pleasure.
Thank you.
Hey, buddy.
I have these friendships that literally only exist on stage,
and it's very unhealthy.
I'm just explaining that I'm not a healthy person,
and that's what I was talking about earlier.
That goes without saying, but what was interesting for me
is that I'm here because I've been away for a while,
and I asked if I could come by, and he said, yeah,
but of course he doesn't tell me.
Oh, that I'm here?
That you're here.
So I show up just as you come out,
and it's the first time I think I've been in a room with him
in about 30 years or something.
Oh, I didn't know you guys crossed paths with him.
We did a movie called One Crazy Summer.
Oh, yeah!
He's just fucking crying.
That was my brain.
Bob, that's what's missing you, Joe Murray, too, right?
Joe Murray, yeah.
Bill Murray, you're right.
Carlos America, the one we love and adore.
John Cusack.
I was talking about this movie at Nausea,
but why did they make that fucking connection?
Well, that's how we met.
We were in our 20s, and we made that movie,
and it was...
I'm a big indoor BB gun enthusiast,
but at the time we made that movie,
I was a big indoor model rocketry enthusiast.
So every night I'd go back into my room
and build a big rocket,
and then shoot it down the hallway of the hotel,
because there was this security guard
who was like, you guys are making too much noise,
and I was like, oh, I'll give you noise.
So we would sit there with lawn chairs
for this poor guy to come around the corner
and go, shoot, shoot, shoot.
Rock it at him.
Yeah, that was a lot of stuff like that.
It was great, and what was really great about that movie
is if you see it now, there's Bill Murray,
there's John Cusack.
Joe, Joe Murray, Joe.
Now I feel better.
Joe Murray, and Bill, and John Cusack,
and to me more.
To me more.
But what's really funny about it is
he's so completely took over this movie.
Wow.
No, wait, let me finish what I'm saying.
So what happens is we all show up in...
I love this movie.
We all think that we have our thing going,
and we know what we're doing, and we have our bit,
and Cusack's got a name already,
and to me he's got a name already.
But after about a week on the set,
they're all talking like him.
On camera.
Not just off camera, where we're off going,
you know, but on camera.
And it started like with Cusack doing it,
and then, remember this?
Yeah, he did love it.
And Joel, and then to me, started doing it.
So they would be on camera doing scenes
that had nothing to do with him.
And Savage Steve is like,
you know, this wasn't supposed to be about Grover's family.
But when we...
So to me, he was on General Hospital.
Cusack had done that Rob Reiner movie,
a sure thing.
Everybody was coming up.
Everybody had a high-cute, but Curtis.
So we had all got to dinner,
and nobody would recognize anybody,
and it would always be,
Booga! It's fucking Booga!
Booga!
Booga, come over here!
Cage later made Jackie Templeton.
It's just a Demy's character on that movie.
No, it was great.
It was such a great scene.
There's a scene where Steve told me later,
that scene where I...
It's with you and I,
and I say, talk about a little fat kid who's grown up.
Yes, oh God, yes.
And he goes, were you that fat kid?
And I was like,
no, I used to punch the shit out of him.
And I'm almost in tears telling that story.
I didn't remember.
Steve said that was something I pitched.
You didn't pitch it.
I'll tell you exactly what happened.
I'm gonna fucking die over here.
I'm so happy.
I have never forgotten this,
because I honestly didn't know Bobcat at that point.
He was just this God-like thing
that showed up on the set one day,
and you couldn't stop, you couldn't speak.
You weren't familiar with anything that you hadn't seen him.
I don't know if I'd seen him.
I'd never seen him live,
so I don't think I saw him live a lot after.
But at that time I hadn't seen him.
But he shows up,
and there's just nobody like this man in the world.
And it wasn't like he was on
in that sort of Bobcat character all the time.
He wasn't doing that.
But he was so interesting,
and so funny, and so smart,
and everything, all this great stuff was coming out of him,
and you just wanted to sit and listen to him.
And so we're at lunch one day.
He comes over to me and says,
come here.
And he takes me into a garage.
And...
I'm not falling for that again.
And he says,
I have this idea for a scene,
and I want to run through it with you
before I show Savage.
This is what happened.
We sit down, and I'm just looking at you,
waiting for you to start.
And you start in on that speech,
where you say, you know,
there was this little fat kid once,
and you go through the whole thing,
and it's very funny if you know the movie,
and if you see the movie, he's really funny.
And he tells this whole sad story
about the little fat boy,
like he's confessing.
And I say, and I just said to him,
as a person,
were you that little fat boy?
And he said,
no, but I used to beat the shit out of him.
And I thought it was the best thing I'd ever seen.
So we got Savage from lunch,
and we ran through it again for Savage,
and it's the big scene that he has in the movie.
And he just came up with it.
But I didn't...
Yeah, I was nave about how things work.
Apparently not.
Apparently you could just put a scene in a movie.
Yeah, I know.
You were right, you were right.
When you had me drag community,
I didn't do any of that shit.
You didn't come down and go,
what the fuck is going on?
Goldway's in a scene now?
So for real, Curtis,
that whole scene, that monologue is all...
Improvised entirely by him in a garage.
Because that's one of the memorable...
I know, that's why I'm bringing it up.
It's one of the big scenes in the movie.
I do remember it,
and I have the best memory in the world.
Because I forgot that they were in that movie together.
I mean, I get to travel around a lot with Joel Murray,
and whom I love and adore,
who's one of the most delightful people there is.
And he's told stories about working on One Crazy Summer
about how much fun you guys had.
Yeah, it was really, really much fun.
All the partying, because it was the 80s,
and it was groove-tastic,
really sexy and fun.
I remember the Q-Sex, like,
I got this friend, and he's going to put him in the movie,
and it was Piven.
And Piven shows up, gets hammered,
jumps in the pool, cracks his face open
on the bottom of the pool.
It hasn't been on camera yet,
and they had a putty his face with mortician's wax.
He had a big cut in his head.
Aw, Pivi.
Aw, the Piv.
Poor Pivi.
Mr. Sulfridge.
So, well, well, well, well.
Enough One Crazy Summer.
But that must have been an awesome time to be
young comics in,
when they were making big comedy films.
Well, I remember that,
the name of it was called,
what was it, My Summer Vacation?
My Summer Vacation.
Yeah, yeah, and then they were saying,
Warner Brothers said,
you can't call that because they had vacation.
And so they said,
we're going to call it One Crazy Summer.
And he goes, if they put out Woody Allen movies,
they'd be one neurotic Jewish guy.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what,
I mean, well, to counter what Jeff said,
I think the further back you go,
and we think in this desolate landscape
of where it's catch is catch can,
and we just get a little giggled here,
and my podcast got 600 hits,
and I'm so happy.
And I think you talk to the Farrelly Brothers
about Kingpin, for example,
and you hear this story about how
they almost killed themselves.
I thought Kingpin was the best Farrelly Brothers movie
that has ever been made,
but because the world was older then,
like the rules are different about,
who's telling you what,
about whether or not you're being successful,
whether or not your movie succeeded.
And the disparity between,
when you're supposed to celebrate,
remember the Sony leaks came out,
and it was just like,
one of the most delightful parts of the Sony leaks
was Channing Tatum's email to everybody at Sony
going, yeah, bitches, we did it!
Like, because they just made,
like, $740 billion in an hour,
I don't even know which movie it was,
Godzilla vs. Men in Black or whatever,
I don't know.
It doesn't matter,
but Channing Tatum was involved,
and he was like, yeah, bitches!
He was using C's and exclamation points.
There's gotta be a high-five emoticon.
But it really has nothing to do with whether or not
I'm not saying whatever he was talking about
was a bad movie.
I'm saying it was completely disconnected
from whether it was a good or bad movie.
And because, like, Jeff is saying,
oh, that must have been a great time to be alive
all these comedy movies.
I'm gonna assume, God, no.
I'm assuming that just meant that
more hilarious people were being told
more times per minute,
you really fucked up.
I can't believe you were in that piece of shit.
Be in it!
It was a piece of shit.
I never said that.
Why would I do that?
I work for Mike Ovitz, God damn it.
I was recently...
I just did Coke off of the small world ride.
I was in a talking horse movie
that put me in comedy jail.
Ended my career.
Comedy jail.
And I look at the...
I was just recently moving,
I found the script and I scribbled on it
and sent it back to my manager.
I go, why would I do this?
And then he had written a dollar sign on it.
I'm shameful telling this.
Well, they're the opposite of therapists.
The agents tell you that you should worry about
everything and money matters.
And then you go to therapy and it's like, no.
It's true.
I just make my movies so far out of the system.
I love working on community.
I love working on people's shows that I respect
and have fun and that's great.
And then I go make these movies.
And I don't mean to throw my agent under the bus.
I'm not going to be specific.
One of my agents, that way I can get him off the hook.
But he called me up and he says,
hey, Sundance.
I go, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You made another movie.
That's an actual quote.
I was like...
I feel like...
He wasn't along for the ride?
No.
I just go do him and then let them catch up.
Wow.
I don't know.
What's your agency?
Is that a personal question?
Yeah.
I was just wondering if you're a UTA or not.
But I was a...
I didn't...
I think it was an age thing.
And I think I regarded as like...
Oh, I guess I made it.
I'm like a character in a movie about people that make things
because I had a meeting at my agency
and I went to the wrong building.
They had moved four years ago.
Because I don't...
I'm an autopilot.
And somebody goes, oh, what's that dumb fuck doing?
If they want to be in business with a dumb fuck, they...
Do they ever send you things for you to...
You know what I mean? That you didn't create?
Yeah.
I mean, especially now that I'm trying to do this studio thing,
you know, I'm trying to become a suit
because I'm a fucking horrible, self-destructive person.
Oh, okay.
And really insecure.
But I'm trying to...
Because I get scripts which is new for me.
And then I should just read my emails.
It was just, this is a very well-written script
and I hate everyone who wrote it.
If I ever see them, I'm going to punch them all in the throat.
It's a pass.
And then I wrote PS.
If this email does get hacked by the North Koreans,
I'm a really big fan of their irreverent brand of humor.
And I wish them more continued success.
Yeah, I mean, I think at a certain point...
Because I think...
It's that movie archetype of like,
your agent should just have the pork pie hat
and he's just like the really old guy
that's just like, you can't leave him now.
And he's just like, I tell him when they call you,
you know the Bobcat deal?
The Bobcat deal is a million per script.
You're just kind of like, well,
at a certain point, you're just out there,
like a log floating on a lake.
Like, you know, the importance of representation
becomes slightly diminished.
Well, it certainly doesn't help
in the types of movies I'm trying to make, you know?
So I just don't waste their time with that stuff.
Right.
Because then they...
I don't resent them.
They'll probably try to talk you out of it.
Hey, Bob, are you still doing the kinks thing
or can we talk about that?
Yeah, I mean, that's my dream project,
is that I wrote a screenplay
based on School Boys and the Scraze
and Ray Davis has been very involved and encouraging.
That's one I hope you make.
I hope so too.
Well, you know, it's frustrating
because it's, you know,
dudes in a high school basically singing.
It seems like that formula's worked before.
I don't know why people are really so skittish around it,
but I don't know.
It's not like I'm coming to them with, you know...
What's your relationship?
It's like, hey, did he do a musical?
No, but he did that baby rape doc
and he did a Bigfoot movie.
He's your man.
So of course you should do a musical,
but I don't know what's going to go next.
I also wrote this Gay Billy Jack movie, which is...
Gay Billy Jack?
Well, he's not like, yeah.
I just watched Billy Jack again a couple of days ago,
like two days ago, cry to the end,
because when Tin Soul just starts playing the end of that...
You have to turn to Billy Jack.
Well, the first one.
Yeah.
Well, there's Born Losers.
I'm a big Billy Jack fan.
If you guys have not seen Billy Jack, it's all that's great
about the 70s.
But he kicks ass.
He kicks ass.
It's actually politics, but really violent.
It's about civil rights,
and it's about anti-establishmentism,
Arianism, and not Arianism.
That's not about Arianism.
Yeah, you lost me.
But anti-establishmism, Arianism,
and a little bit of Naziism.
In the 70s, there had to be kung fu and karate,
at all times.
It's so fucking good.
It's progressive politics with violence.
It's such a beautiful mixture, but...
I'm really proud of Jeff for resisting the urge,
because what he really wants to do,
because I know he knows it by heart,
he wants to do the Billy Jack.
The speech.
When I see what you do.
You know, Bernard.
You know Bernard.
When Jill and the kids up at the school tell me
not to be violent and to be non-violent,
I try.
I really try.
I'll do the whole thing.
I'm not gonna fucking do it.
No, keep going.
Come on, just do it.
No, no, no.
Come on.
That's just the tip.
Do it.
You can't stop now.
Bobcat, you know what I'm talking about?
The ice cream shop.
Of course.
But when I see...
When I see what you did.
When I see this flower.
You know what we call her back at the...
We call her God's little gift of sunshine.
And when I see this boy so degraded,
and when I think of a number of years,
and he's gonna have to live,
with his memory,
this itty-ottic moment of yours,
I just go, BASIC!
Yeah.
Now, so, I'm not Jeff's agent,
and he's not auditioning for Gay Billy Jack,
but...
Yeah.
So...
Please, so...
Everybody, you took that fucking scene
and stuck it.
So, my ex-wife, I said to her,
I was like,
Dude, I can't do this anymore.
I'm so tired of being broke.
I'm gonna write a genre picture.
Please.
And I go,
I love Billy Jack.
I'm gonna write a genre picture.
I'm gonna write a Billy Jack movie.
So, I'm down there writing.
And she goes,
How's it going?
I go,
I'm good.
She goes,
How long you in?
I go,
I'm gay now.
And she goes,
So, we're just gonna keep renting, huh?
Go ahead and hate your name.
Go ahead and cheat a fag.
That's what,
that's the whole thing.
Like, he goes into this town,
he's trying to drink his whiskey,
and someone calls him a fag,
and he's gonna,
he says,
I'm gonna have to ask you to stop using that word.
Yes.
And he goes,
He's like,
What are you gonna do about it?
Fag, he goes,
Well, I'm gonna dislocate his shoulder.
I'm gonna fracture his kneecap.
I'm gonna shatter,
No, and he goes,
Oh, then he says,
I fucked up.
And he goes,
And I'm gonna shatter your windpipe.
And you wanna know something?
It's not a goddamn thing to do.
It's not a goddamn thing you do about it.
And then,
In the script it says,
It's just,
It's the simplest direction I've ever written.
It just says,
And he does.
So then,
So then he walks back over to the bartender,
And he finally finishes his whiskey,
And he throws it down.
He says,
Is there a decent place for a man to stay in this town?
And then it,
It's smash cuts to him,
Waking up in bed with the bartender.
But,
I gotta say,
This scene sounds funny.
Make this movie.
But,
Jeff.
If I'm not the fucking Billy Jack.
But I have to say,
I know this sounds like it's a joke,
But you know,
I really do kind of explore,
You know,
All this stuff about,
What's it like being a gay man,
And what defines,
You know,
Sexuality,
And,
Yeah, I know.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
I'm so uncommercial.
I have no idea.
Well, yeah,
I don't think you have to tell you.
Yeah,
I would,
I would assume when you told me that,
Like,
Yeah,
That you weren't like,
This is hilarious.
These faggots are gonna hate this.
Right,
Exactly.
I'm finally letting them have it,
See?
Yeah,
In a studio picture,
It would have been like,
Hello?
It's like a boat trip.
Boat trip is like a god damn fucking psychedelic,
Boat trip is a fucking atom bomb.
Via Huasca spirit vision.
Boat trip is one of the most amazing,
I don't know.
If you've not seen boat trip,
Cuba Gooding Jr.,
And a series of other culprits,
Make a movie.
It's two guys,
Somehow,
I think,
I don't know how you feel about it.
I think what happened is,
Somebody was getting fired,
At one of the oldest agencies in the world,
And their fingers locked on their filing cabinet,
Which chipped over,
So there was finally the script visible underneath it,
And then the cleaning lady at the,
Or cleaning man,
At the agency,
Or you know,
Cleaning person,
And they were like,
Nice save,
They put it on top of the pile,
It was on the bottom,
It was like a Brazil thing,
And the movie got green lit,
That's a boat trip.
Are you sure this is the movie
That was supposed to be green lit?
Two guys,
That is on the top of the desk.
They go on a boat,
And then they find out the first,
It's a gay boat,
We're on a gay boat,
We're on a gay boat.
And then they have to pretend to be gay,
Or they're gonna kick off the boat,
And you know,
The gay guys get to look at six tits if they want,
Because six don't care if gay guys look at their tits.
Those aren't some real high stakes.
The movie is like,
The movie includes Cuba Gooding Jr.
Coming out of a porthole,
Into the open air,
And his cum splatters on someone's face.
He had won an Oscar
30 seconds before this movie was made.
And then there were like nine movies,
Like Cuba Gooding Jr.
And then had nine movies with talking dogs,
And gay jokes in them.
What does the cum land on?
The cum goes out the porthole?
The cum just lands on a person.
And then you go like,
Oh, what about that?
Crazy summer, that was a chili dog.
That's right.
And it landed on my friend Tony V.
And his famous line was,
You kids?
Yeah, that's right.
Tony V.
Here's one of the weirdest things
To look for in boat trip
When you rent it tonight, kids.
I'd like to mention that all my movies
Are available on digital platforms.
You don't necessarily have to watch boat trips.
But you'll only be encouraging him.
He's a documentary filmmaker now.
Watch him after boat trip.
Watch boat trip first.
Don't encourage his phase of like,
I hate America.
I'm gonna tour.
I'm gonna go to France.
There's a scene in boat trip
Where Cuba Gooding Jr.
Is in love with the woman who thinks that he's gay
Because that's what he has had to do
To survive on the boat.
The gay man.
Which affords him the ironic chance
To be in close quarters with her.
She's confiding with him about her single life
And how she wishes she could find a man.
And if he just keeps lisping and enough
Then he gets to be with her.
And so it's very uncomfortable for him.
And at one point, the topic of conversation
Somehow comes to, it either comes to
How are you supposed to eat a banana
Or how are you supposed to suck a dick.
But in any case, she picks up a banana,
Peels the banana to show him how she sucks
Dick.
And so the joke is that he's going like
Ha, ha, I can't believe it.
Oh, she's sucking a banana dick in front of me.
The crazy thing, the crazy thing about it
If you watch the movie in high def
Like, you can see his credibility
Leave the back of his head.
Of her licking the tip of the banana
It's unmistakable.
The prop master for some reason
Has like, well not for some reason
For some, I mean there's some disconnect
Between industry and government
And then the society.
Like the prop master has taken like a tool
And shaped like a visible penis head
Into the tip of the banana.
And I love all prop masters that have ever worked with me
You're the fucking best, you're wizards
You collaborate well, I have respect for your craft
But this is exactly the kind of thing that, you know
That you gotta step on.
If you were to take a late lunch
You might find out that someone was like
Yeah, well then it says in the script
It's like a dick, so I, what do I do?
I fucking, I'm gonna get a raise today
I'm gonna make it like a dick
And then you go like, why are you making a banana
Like a dick that makes no sense
That's just, that's just, that's just so, that's just so sense
But everyone on the set must have been like
It looks like a dick.
Johnny, Johnny, get back to the set
We're making a hit
The banana, the banana looks like a dick
Get back here
And universal and Fox and Roobert Murdock
She's like looking and it looks like a dick
It looks like a dick that carved a dick out of a banana.
It makes no, it's so insane.
Do you think somebody just looked at the banana and was like,
I don't know if this reads like a dick.
It doesn't, it doesn't, it could have just been one.
Do you think it was a studio note?
I don't know, it's like, I eat bananas like that
and I'm not born to eat.
Can we make the, can we make the, can she be,
I feel like the banana doesn't read as a cock.
Can I feel like me?
Can she be holding some Kiwis?
Yeah, it's the same guy who kept saying,
I'm telling you this should be called gay boat trip.
I don't, I don't know why you're, you're PCing the title.
It should be called gay boat trip.
We did, we did, we did tests on the title.
People don't care about boats.
We said gay boat trip.
They know the movie we're talking about.
It's Kuba Gooding Jr. and Carlos, Carlos, who is it?
Carlos?
No, no, no, no, no, it was Horatio Sands.
Horatio Sands, whom we love and adore.
I don't think everybody has to go home and watch it.
They already did.
Have you gone off on a boat trip ramp before?
No, I don't think so.
It's possible, it's possible.
I mean, I'm not busting your chops.
I didn't know if that was like what frost is your cake.
You know what I mean?
Like, I guess I, I see that boat trip one more time.
No, I mean, that's just, I mean.
I'm gonna come so hard.
I, what frost, what frost to my cake is inscrutability.
Like, I, like, shit that, like, when you look into it,
you can't find even the, even the most course,
crass, cynical explanation for it.
Yeah.
Like, we used to have a-
But I think movies like that make it, like, you know,
like I did Sleeping Dogs Lie, it was called Stay Originally,
but it's a rom-com, not a rom-com,
it's kind of a little bit more my stab at trying
to do a Woody Allen movie, but it,
with a tiny bit of bestiality in it.
Just a little bit of bestiality.
Just a hint?
Yeah.
Just a whisper of bestiality.
It's a back story.
It's just so.
But I think when people-
But I think when people hear about it,
they think that's what they're gonna see, you know,
an actual shot of her spitting dog semen out
and all this stuff, you know,
and the joke isn't like making fun of her character,
it's actually about, you know, how there's things
in our past that other people can't get past,
and she learns in that movie at the end,
she says, you know, I learned it's the living up
to the lies that we tell about ourselves
that make us better people.
Yeah.
By the way, they made the same movie with an avalanche,
and everyone's like, now I accept it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The cat, in your movie, she fucks a dog, but yeah.
But it's all off camera, and it's,
I remember getting this note.
Oh, the avalanche never kills him.
I gotta know that was, could she just jerk the dog off?
Yeah, I swear to God, I was like, what the fuck?
Which is actually weirder, right?
Yeah.
Does anyone be like looking at the dog, you know, yeah.
Like why would you, yeah, you're invested in the,
the dog doesn't need that, like that's just about.
Yeah, you know, she says it's like something weird,
you know, that's like touching a toaster that,
you know, is hot, it was, you know,
she's not in the beastiality, it was just this weird thing.
It was about something that happened
in the course of life.
Yeah, and I needed something that people couldn't get past.
Jerking off a dog can only happen
as the result of planning.
Plus, if you told somebody else,
just like, you know, once I jerked off a dog,
you go, yeah, that's fucking weird.
You wouldn't.
40% of the people do, I did too, in a barn, on a bed.
That's what it is, so, and that, by the way,
when that movie came out, oh my God,
people would be like that, you know,
the point of that movie was, you know,
it's okay to lie, and because sometimes people
tell the truth, and they're not being kind,
and, but man, as soon as that movie,
like the lights go up, people go, I'll tell you what,
I had a, whoa, whoa, whoa, people just started telling me
they're beastiality stories, and I don't if you've ever
felt a lamb's mouth, I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa,
that's not what the movie was about.
I'll tell you one more story about this movie,
my daughter was 18 or 19, and the movie starts,
and that's right out of the gate, that scene happens,
and there's this woman, is that Sundance,
and people, you know, and it's not me self-loathing,
everything sells out at Sundance,
so I knew I was like the third or fourth choice,
you know what I mean, it's like, hey, you know,
it's an Artie Farty movie, I got a Bobcat Goldthwait
movie ticket, you want it, you know,
so it was packed, I was glad people were there,
but they did not know what they're gonna get,
so this scene starts, and this woman's like four rows
behind us, and she's like, she's gonna leave,
and she's gathering up her coat and stuff,
and her friend talks her into staying,
and about 50 minutes into the movie,
that same woman was crying watching the movie,
and my daughter goes, look at your friend now,
and I look, and my daughter goes, yeah, you cry, bitch,
you cry.
For real? Oh my God, now I'm terrified.
Jeff knows, Jeff knows.
Well, I'm terrified of children now,
because if my child makes me that proud,
I would be like, but can you marry your daughter?
Well, you know what, Bob, your relationship
with your daughter is amazing,
and it occurs, I've never met your daughter,
but you seem to have a great relationship with yours too.
I have one of those.
Bob's daughter, Tasha, she loves you,
and she's your best friend, and she, like...
But, and the queen of the ball busting,
like at Sundance this year, she's like,
Dad, I have to come over here, and I go, what?
She goes, I got you this, and it means a lot to me,
and I need you to wear this, and it was a police academy
too, crew jacket, and I fucking wore it.
She knew you, she knows you're not in the first one,
that's sweet. That's smart, yeah.
That's a good daughter. Yeah, yeah, so, yeah,
so that's why I wore it in the premiere
of my series debut as a documentary.
Tasha's so cool, and it's so cool to see like a father that,
like, like, I grew up in Los Angeles,
where most of my friends, they don't have a great relationship
with their parents, or they hate their brother,
or they hate their sister, and there's not a lot
of great stories of families that love each other.
There are plenty, but there's also lots that don't.
It's very cool to see, like, Tasha worships you,
and also treats you like a buddy,
because I think you treat her like a buddy,
and like, that's a very rare thing, and Curtis, like...
Yeah, it's the same, it's the same,
I feel like you have the same relationship with her,
although I don't know her.
It's always, but...
Well, you have to take my word for it then.
I will, but I mean, I think we take your word
for everything because you deal in sincerity,
and I don't think you would ever dissemble
about something like that.
No.
That's everything that we like about you, too,
as individuals, the fact that you have a great relationship
with your daughter is really remarkable.
Well, you know, I have to tell you, when I met Bob,
he was the first actor I think I'd worked with
in Hollywood, who's politics,
and particularly gender politics mirrored mine.
I thought that was so cool,
because there were not many of us.
Just two of you, eight and women.
Yeah, exactly.
No, and not, because this is like one of our first movies.
It's like, you know what, this movie is less Jimmy Moore.
I just...
I said Moore and Moore.
No, and I met you, and I just assumed,
oh, everybody in Hollywood's chill.
Yeah, because that was one of my first movies.
Yeah, I was quite naive about the thing.
But so we all know each other,
because Eric Idle and his wife, Tanya,
and they have a daughter, Lily,
and my daughter grew up with Lily Idle as a friend.
So I was on Arsenio Hall when he got fired,
and so I walked out and I sprayed paint
and Paramount sucks on the backdrop of the set,
and then I took the monitor,
which cost three grand I found out later on,
and smashed it and put my feet through it
with my Doc Martins.
It was totally premeditated,
because I was like, my Chuck Taylor's are gonna...
Yeah.
Yeah, I need to wear my fucking steel-toed docks.
Guess what fucking steel-toed?
Because the monitor's getting fucked up.
12 holes.
12 holes?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, when I'm a baby.
So...
So, you know, if we were making the movie,
it's the guy getting ready for war, you know?
I mean, what he needs, you know, the weaponry,
you know, so I got my Doc Martins,
I'm ready to go smash up the Arsenio Hall show,
and I throw the mattresses into the audience, and...
Why were there mattresses?
The cushions from the couch,
and then the producers, like, say, get him,
and Arsenio tackles me,
and as we're going to a commercial,
he whispers in my ear, he goes, thank you.
And so, I leave the show acting like no big deal,
and I'm now coloring with my daughter,
and she's eight, and we're coloring.
Oh, my God.
And then the news comes on, it goes,
comedian goes berserk on the Arsenio Hall show.
And Tasha goes, ugh.
I go, what?
She goes, sometimes you act like
you don't have a brain in your head.
Ah!
And I go, but it was just a bit.
It's just comedy.
She goes, if it was comedy, it wouldn't be on the news.
Ah!
And then she goes, then she goes,
Lily's dad's not on the news.
Ah!
Eight years old?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Because Tasha, Tasha is smarter than all of us, right?
Yeah, yeah.
She totally is.
I like that she was doing the math.
She goes, whoa, hey, no, her dad's in dresses.
But I used to always, ever since high school,
I used to wear dresses, you know, like skirts,
and it wasn't, it was not, and I didn't do it for camp,
it was my way of saying, you know,
if you go to a football part and you show up
in some smart looking coolot,
it fucks up the football team harder than anything, you know.
I like that you had smart coolots.
I had very smart.
So I was always like wearing skirts and stuff,
and when Tasha was little, I'd always be in a skirt,
and then one day I woke her up for school,
and she goes, dad, I've never seen that sweater.
And she goes, yeah, she goes,
that would go so well with your brown skirt.
Ah!
And I was like, yeah, you're right, you know.
Can we do a show where we bring Tasha and you out?
I wonder if she would do it.
That's pretty funny.
She must because she's fucking groovy.
Yeah.
Well, now that's all built up.
I don't know.
If she's really smart, she'll stay away, right?
Yeah.
I mean, she sounds like the kind of person
that would be like, no, fuck that.
Curtis, how's your daughter doing?
She's in Europe still?
Yeah, she's in London, yeah.
She just produced her first night of music
at Shacklewell Arms.
Three bads.
She is now going places.
That's so cool.
19.
I wish I had a daughter that was a genius.
That would be so cool.
I know.
It's fun.
You may.
You mean I might already?
You're a randy little goat.
That tour in Nam we did, man.
It's not like we were being careful about anything
but protecting democracy.
Let me rewrite that.
It's not like we were protecting anything but democracy.
Obviously less of a laugh, but you've
spliced it together in a little.
It's not important.
I'm not.
I mean, in the realm of male comedians especially,
the amount of misogyny, there's so much women
hating in male comics.
It's kind of axiomatic.
It's very cool and very respectable that there's
two guys that you guys have been doing comedy for so long
and you have a female daughter that you look up to and like.
That takes a lot of balls to have a female daughter.
I think if we just have a daughter,
nope, she's going to be a female daughter.
You know what I'm fucking saying.
But thank you.
It's there's so much misogyny.
Also in comedians, misanthropy, like across the board,
the fact that you look up to the women in your life
makes me very, very happy.
And I've met Tasha.
And Tasha couldn't be cooler and couldn't love you more.
She speaks of you so highly, Bob, that it's like,
I think she does it to your face too.
I don't think it's a secret.
She tells people that she barely knows like me
that how much she looks up to you and worships you.
But also she gives you shit, she's just fucking cool
because she really is like, she's high status.
She's fucking, yeah, like, I mean, yeah, we always got,
pet name is jerk, but she loves to, you know,
like if I'm in a mall, she'll go, Bobcat, Bobcat,
Gulfway, and shit chills.
So I thought the story once, Tony V was at the Riviera,
he was a comedian buddy of mine, and it was my birthday,
and Robin was playing the MGM.
And we were all hanging out that weekend.
And I hadn't been on stage in five years
because I'd been directing the Kimmel Show
and doing other stuff.
And Tony's having a, you know, wasn't the greatest crowd.
And I go, Tony, bring me up.
And he's like, really?
I go, yeah, and I went up and I started performing.
And my daughter's like, do the voice.
And fucking relentless.
And then Robin was like, bring me up, you know?
And I was like, all right.
And then he came up.
It was just, yeah, it was just beautiful.
And Tony, we had so much fun.
I remember we were, this is not that long ago.
And you would be amazed how many people would be like,
you know, more to the, you know, I mean, this isn't that long.
Yeah, so we're playing Blackjack.
And Tony's a really big guy.
And this guy goes, hey, Mark, where's Mindy?
And Tony goes, she's over at Fuck Off and asked you to join her.
I remember too, it was just so many.
It was age-appropriate women would go nuts for Robin.
Like, we had to like, it, that's a weird way
to back into that story.
No, I just never seen like these Cougars,
Savard Youth Tigers, they were going mental.
They were like, it was like the Beatles,
but these women were menopausal.
They were like chasing him.
It's a harder, it's a harder get.
It's, it's, it's, it's a more respectable, like.
And it's funny you say that I'm not sexist.
These menopausal women that were age-appropriate,
but that's really what happened.
I'm not saying you weren't, I'm saying your daughter's not.
Yeah, and I was like, I was like, dude,
you could pull so much steel wool if you wanted to.
See, I'm not sexist.
I just wanted to crush any good will
that you had developed for me.
Steel wool.
That hurts, steel wool hurts.
But it gets, it polishes you really clean.
You know, I mentioned that earlier though.
The last time he and I went on stage was at your show.
And I remember he was just here at the, at Mount,
and he goes, what are you doing?
I go, I'm about to do a podcast.
So he just stayed.
Yeah.
And I was like, I go, and I was like, you want to go up?
He's like, no, I don't want to go up.
I was like, you don't have to go up.
And then I remember him just looking like, he's like,
put me in coach, and he came out.
Yeah, he was sitting where Curtis is sitting.
He was wearing his little windbreaker, and he was,
I never, he was so shy.
And so he came out here, and you did the bit, Dan,
where you're like, fuck these people don't deserve us.
Like Bobcat goes away, and you came out,
and you told Bobcat to fuck off.
And then you go, Robin Williams, and Robin came out.
And I'm sitting here, so I don't know that that's a joke.
I didn't see Robin.
And Robin came out and gave me like a niggie and like a headlock.
Because I just met him at Eric's house like two nights
before, where we sang songs like when you go to Eric's house,
like you sing.
And when he left the stage, he hugged me.
And I held him.
And I said, thank you for making everyone think
that you and I are great friends.
No.
Well, I have a good story about, and my act
is a shaggy dog joke that I tell.
But it's a true story, and I won't go into the whole story.
I'll try to do a truncated version.
Tell the whole thing.
All right.
I don't know if you have the airplane story.
It is a true story.
I was on a flight going from Los Angeles to New York
in midway through the engine blew up.
And it was terrifying.
It was really, and I've had enough turbulence and stuff.
The plane just suddenly was just dumping.
And it was like G-Force kind of stuff.
It was really scary.
People were screaming.
I was like, staying calm.
Check out the flight attendants.
Flight attendants are looking out the window,
and they're looking around sobbing, sobbing flight
attendants.
I'm not exaggerating.
And they're holding each other's hands.
I always thought you were a professional camera.
And I've got to say, I was completely out of my body.
And I'm like, all right.
And the pilot's like, hello, ladies and gentlemen.
This is your pilot.
There's no reason to be alarmed.
The placating tone of his voice.
This one's for the black box, on the black box alone.
I just want to say, they told me in the event.
This isn't a suicide.
My insurance is valid.
Everything.
And I am a sound body and mind.
Well, we got a, Demetri Martin was on the flight.
And we were just, we were dying.
Demetri Martin.
Because we're sitting there.
And Demetri's looking out the window going, if a landscape is,
well, is a horizon, then a horizon forms a letter H.
But he says, no, we both, after we survived this,
we both kept going, there's no reason to be alarmed.
Because the guy kept saying that every time.
He'll be afraid.
There's no reason to be alarmed.
So, and I'm like, this is the time to,
that's not comforting.
If the guy was like going, holy fuck.
I go, oh, this guy's in it.
He's in it.
Or if he said like, OK, this is fucked up for me too.
But I got this.
Yeah, or look, I'm going to try some shit.
I learned in pilot school.
I'm not making any promises.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Everybody get up, move to the left of the plane.
I'm going to freestyle.
OK, or if he said, OK, here's the final refinement on that.
He goes, the bad news is all bets are off.
In terms of like, FAA and everything.
The good news is that means I get to do whatever
the fuck I want.
And ladies and gentlemen, I'm fucking good.
Or if he said, or if he's just like, smoke.
Go ahead and smoke, yeah.
Smoke him if you fucking got him.
Yeah, kiss, light it up.
Kiss a stranger.
Rub him out in your seat.
Fuck it, everybody.
How's anybody's doing?
Turn to your neighbor and just go down.
So if you're an atheist and you've ever fantasized
about throwing your baby like a football,
now would be the time to do it.
No one will ever know.
No reason to be alarmed.
You got a 15 second window to spike that baby and do this.
So think about all the times it kept you up at 3 AM.
All I can say is this is 100% true.
Other people on the flight was a good portion
of the United States Special Olympics team.
This is a relax, just let me finish the story.
I'm not.
It was 45 men and women in red, white, and blue running suits
with medals.
So if it wasn't the Special Olympics team,
it was a really big hip hop group with Down syndrome.
So this isn't one of the titles.
That's the title of this episode, by the way.
So the plane's creaning towards the earth.
And I'm thinking, oh, I'm dying.
And I thought of Tasha.
And I thought of my friends.
And then Claire is about, the guy's back on.
He's like, there's no reason to be alarmed.
Because he's like, oh, that was the other,
the first announcement was, we're
going to land in Cleveland in two to two and a half minutes.
Serious.
Was that the scheduled stop or is he just saying, no, no,
we're going to do that.
It's like a Zuckerbrothers movie.
He's like, OK, the gate is 3H, 4H, 5H, 6H.
Cleveland, Cleveland.
No, so we're dumping the plane at Cleveland.
And then he goes, when we land, the runway
will be covered entirely in foam.
I swear to God, at the very end of the runway
will be a fire truck.
And I'm sitting there, and I'm like, this is it.
And Claire's about, and Dimitri can back this up,
Claire's about a voice in the back of the plane went, fire truck.
True.
I swear to God.
OK.
And he was excited.
And I laughed.
And nobody else, I'm like, fire truck?
You didn't hear fire truck?
I went, that was the moment I went from atheist to agnostic.
I was like, you know what?
There really might be some sort of higher deity in this world.
There's a possibility.
Yeah, there's a higher power.
And I know.
There also might be some apples.
Apples?
And I know people that go, you know,
they are like, and when I tell this story,
people, of course, come up to me.
And the thing is, I know plenty of people
have mentally challenged folks in their family,
or they work with them.
But if you don't think they say or do anything funny,
you're denying that they're human beings.
Because that's the funniest fucking thing
I've ever heard another human being say.
Fire truck.
And the tag is, I was always trying to figure out,
who is going to get top billing if the plane crash was
going to say, Special Olympics team dies and fiery crash also
on board 80s comedian Bobcat Goldthwait,
or Bobcat Goldthwait Special Olympics team, and you go.
Yeah, I was right.
So the second time I tell that story, which is 100% true story,
the second time I tell that story,
I'm into my act about 10 to 15 minutes.
And this woman gets up and she's,
because I didn't have that tag that deflected.
She goes, my son, she's all upset because she storms out
and she makes a point and then goes to the door,
and that door is locked.
So then she has to come back through, and it's horrible.
And she's got a table full of friends.
And I was really into my act, seriously, 10, 15 minutes.
And I go, is that lady gone?
I go, is she really gone?
Is she out of the building?
They go, yeah, I go, all right.
Look, I'm not going to do my act.
And he doesn't know this.
But here's my friend, Robin Williams.
Robin, come over here and finish this act.
And so he comes up and he does, like, an hour of stand up.
Wait, was she gone or was she not gone?
Yes, she was gone.
So then I come back and I go, all right,
text your friend right now.
Let her know what happened.
Because she's like, oh, what happened after I left?
Well, he left and Robin Williams did an hour.
I hope you made your point.
All my stories about Robin are like, people are like, oh,
and then he said this and it was wonderful.
It's always about me throwing him under the bus.
They really are.
You had a barracuda.
Using him as a get out of jail freak.
We were in the Caribbean in this barracuda.
We're snorkeling.
It comes up and it just jerks up.
And it's right eye to eye with us.
And I'd love to tell him a better man than this.
I grabbed him, put him right between me and the barracuda,
not for a laugh.
It's just pure instinct, shit.
You grab Robin as a human shield?
Yeah.
You're like Martin Sheen in the dead zone.
I'm ashamed, and I even could have got out of it
because we both started laughing when we run out of the water.
And he's like, you did that on purpose, didn't you?
I was like, yeah, I did.
You've had a good run, you know?
It would be Robin Williams and other attack by barracuda.
But yeah.
I've been on lots of playings where I was like, oh shit,
I'll be a footnote on this plane because George
Sakai is on the plane.
Sulu is on the plane.
I will not be mentioned on that plane crash.
Sulu was great.
Sulu got on the plane before me and Greg Poops,
and he got on the plane.
And he's walking up, and there's a guy like,
hello, Mr. Poops, hello, Mr. Son.
Oh, Mr. Takei.
And there's the guy that was working the gate.
He said, I just saw you on an episode of like fucking,
what's the fucking show, the fucking some sitcom,
the Big Bang Theory.
He said, I just saw you on an episode of Big Bang Theory.
And George Takei goes, oh, that's very good news.
I can expect a residual.
He was so good.
Yeah.
You're never going to worry about crashing when fucking
Sulu's on your fucking plane.
That's very good news.
Well, yeah, come on.
It's not, in the show, he's sitting in front of a prop.
He's not able to control.
The ship's not in space.
I feel like, just psychologically,
we all feel like this is the best plane you're ever
going to be on because he sat in front
of a spaceship that never died.
Well, I don't know.
No, I don't care.
I'm being an asshole.
Yeah, Big Bang Theory.
You're just mad that I said Big Bang Theory.
No, no, you've told us three before about George Takei.
That's all.
It's a real.
And I'm preoccupied about the show.
We've got to wrap the show up.
We've been doing a lot of talk.
No, but you don't get to leave.
All right.
Can I make you guys play the game with us for five minutes?
I was so good at Dungeons & Dragons.
Sure.
Let's play a fast and furious combat riddled
Shadowrun right now.
We've got an Eve Libertine and a Dr. Friend.
So we need to bring D'Morge out here.
D'Morge Brown?
Shit, we should have brought him.
Yeah.
Hello, D'Morge.
Hello, hello, hello.
We're fast and furious.
We're bringing you in the dying embers of a soccer game right now.
Do I have a bad count?
Do you have a better bird's eye?
No, we're all good, man.
OK.
They can be living embers.
Curtis is going to hand him out because I usually do that pretty badly.
So in the post-feminist progression of the show, we're bringing no women up.
Because you know why?
Because they can take care of themselves.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
And if you don't believe that, maybe you hate women.
See you next week.
Yeah, I know.
All right.
So Spencer, as I recall last time, you guys fought a bunch of ghouls.
There was a ghoul magnet in a briefcase.
Ghoul magnet?
You guys beat up a bunch of ghouls.
What was happening after that, Spencer?
Should we get a recap for that?
Well, I mean, that was basically the whole recap.
But I mean, I could do it.
But no, nothing happened after that.
OK.
Let's skip the recap just for time to say.
Jump in.
OK.
Right now, we have a briefcase full of a ghoul magnet.
We got fucked over.
We didn't get the money, right?
You did not.
We were supposed to get paid by our Johnson.
He fucking boned out.
And I was standing in a parking lot, and we have a lot of questions.
We're inside a chain-linked...
You're outside of a chain-linked parking lot, nearby a dead gas station.
I'm holding the ghoul magnet briefcase?
Yeah, it's beeping.
He gave us a fucking ghoul magnet, and I throw it.
All right.
Nightblade, what was the name of our Johnson?
What was the guy's name?
That just screwed us over.
I tell him.
Spencer?
He tells you that he didn't ask because he didn't do due diligence.
We didn't get the name of that guy?
No, you sure didn't.
Well, the point of a shadow run really is more about not leaving a paper trail.
I mean, as enough time passed, where I, as Eve Libertine, can I cast as kind of a spirit,
or like an eagle to like fly off and follow the car of the person that drove away from us
and follow that guy?
It's been far too long for that.
You can send him to search, but it'll be some time before he...
Okay, I send off a search eagle to follow that guy,
because there will be comeuppance for that guy for sure.
Strong.
Sick.
Hey, can I use my agony spell on the guy, even though he's getting away,
but it's a long distance agony spell?
Can I do one of those?
You don't have line of sight to him.
He's far, far off.
But my mother could do that without seeing me.
But even if you were just going to try, Curtis, I mean...
I could try.
Even if you were just going to try, it would probably sound like...
Agony!
Wait, Spencer, is there a way that I can send my eagle that goes off to search for him
and carry that agony along with...
Can we team up his agony spell on my spiritual eagle to fly on?
I'm trying to get us out of here in time.
Yeah, yeah.
Is that a possibility?
Yeah, but it'll take some special doings.
Alright.
What kind?
It's a lot harder.
You could pass out, you could even die.
Oh, shit.
What, the eagle?
No, but no.
Spencer, I'm willing to try it.
I'm willing to sacrifice it.
If you put the agony on my spiritual eagle.
But also, I have a lot of spirit sense.
I touch my red feather earring on my right ear that gives me special spiritual power
with spirits of air that should protect me more.
That should protect me more.
And I go, Dr. Friends, hold my hand.
Hold my hand.
Well, let's all hold hands just in case...
Let's all hold hands.
Everybody, if we all hold hands, if we all hold hands together.
Alright.
I'm holding my spiritual eagle to go find his mother fucker
who gave us a fucking...
Release the eagle!
Who gave us a ghoul magnet instead of money.
There was a swirling combination of spirits
flowing through Horticard's body.
I'm elevating it with my own volumizer
and sending it back through to the doctor
and circling it back through to the eagle.
Agony!
Fly, eagle! Fly!
Cos he know you only haiku!
I sense that the only thing that could possibly be holding this back
is the psychic blockage in my own body,
so I lock eyes with Dr. Friend
and continuing an arc that was established five episodes ago,
I say, I'm gay too!
I'm gay too!
Flithinger!
Alright.
See, role-playing is easy.
People act like it has to do with, like, numbers and...
DeMorge Brown!
I'm Jeff Davis.
We've also had Spencer Crittenden.
Curtis Armstrong.
I'm Cat Goldflakes.
Dan Harmon.
I demand, as Comptroller of Harmontown,
that Curtis and Bob come back to finish what we started
on this fucking shadow run.
Thank you so much, everybody. Drive fast and take chances.
Keep your eyes peeled for Call Me Lucky,
and it'll be on your God Knows What medium soon.
Thanks.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show!